Feature/documentation (#17)
EspeoBlockchain/gardener-server: docs/getting-started.rst

---------------
Getting started
---------------

Repositories
------------

Gardener consists of three repositories, two main ones: gardener-smart-contracts which holds smart contracts, and gardener-server, which is responsible for fetching data from third party data sources.
The third one, gardener-monitor is optional and it helps visualizing requests.

1. Gardener server
::

  git clone https://github.com/EspeoBlockchain/gardener-server.git

2. Gardener smart contracts
::

  git clone https://github.com/EspeoBlockchain/gardener-smart-contracts.git

3. Gardener monitor (optional)
::

  git clone https://github.com/EspeoBlockchain/gardener-monitor.git

> Running blockchain - Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the test blockchain - Ganache
```
I'm not sure these "Running blockchain - XYZ" headings really tell the story of the contents (applies to other headings as well).

------------------

> Before we will get information from external sources to our blockchain, we have to run it first. Let's use ganache for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we will get information from external sources to our blockchain, we have to run it first. Let's use Ganache for it.
```

First of all, copy server variables from template:
::

  make copy-env

After that, we can run our blockchain. Let's use ganache for it:  
::

  make ganache

If you see this information:
::

  Creating test-blockchain ... done

That means you have created test blockchain successfully. You can verify its status using:
::

  docker ps

> Running blockchain - Monitor (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the Monitor (optional)
```

------------------------
::

  cd ../gardener-monitor
  cp .env.tpl .env
  npm install
  npm start

> Running blockchain - Smart contracts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying the smart contracts
```

-------------------

After starting blockchain, we need to copy our smart contracts variables from template. 
Make sure that you are in gardener-smart-contracts directory, then:
::

  make copy-env

> Now, we are going to install dependencies that Gardener smart contract relies on. When you are in gardener-smart-contracts directory, then:

Reviewer: We've asserted in the previous step that the user should be in the correct directory.

---------------
Getting started
---------------

Repositories
------------

> Gardener contains three repositories, two main ones: gardener-smart-contracts which holds smart contracts, and gardener-server, which is responsible for fetching data from third party data sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gardener consists of three repositories, two main ones: gardener-smart-contracts which holds smart contracts, and gardener-server, which is responsible for fetching data from third party data sources.
```

> The third one, gardener-monitor is optional and it helps visualizing requests. You can easily clone them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third one, gardener-monitor is optional and it helps visualizing requests.
```

1. Gardener server
::

  git clone https://github.com/EspeoBlockchain/gardener-server.git

2. Gardener smart contract
::

  git clone https://github.com/EspeoBlockchain/gardener-smart-contracts.git

3. Gardener monitor (optional)
::

  git clone https://github.com/EspeoBlockchain/gardener-monitor.git

Running blockchain
------------------

Before we will get information from external sources to our blockchain, we have to run it first. Let's use ganache for it.

> Make sure that you are in gardener-server catalog, then:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you are in gardener-server directory, then:
```

::

  make ganache

If you see this information:
::

  Creating test-blockchain ... done

That means you have created test blockchain successfully. You can verify its status using:
::

  docker ps

After that you need to copy our smart contracts variables from template:
::

>   cd gardener-smart-contracts

Reviewer: Inconsistency: before you've requested from the reader to "Make sure that you are in gardener-server directory" and here you request it using the `cd` command. I'd suggest to add "Make sure that you are in gardener-smart contracts directory" in the description.

  make copy-env

> Same attempt for gardener server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proceed with the same in the gardener-server directory:
```

::

>   cd ../gardener-server

Reviewer: I'd remove this, you don't really know the directory structure on somebody's computer

  make copy-env

Install dependencies
--------------------

Now, we are going to install dependencies that Gardener smart contract relies on. You can do it by:
::

>   cd ../gardener-smart-contract

Reviewer: Ditto

  npm install

Migrate contracts
-----------------

We are now able to migrate our contracts to test blockchain network
::

   npx truffle migrate --network ganache --reset

Start gardener server
---------------------

> We are just one step behind sending sample request to blockchain network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last step before sending a sample request to the blockchain network.
```

::

>    cd ../gardener-server

Reviewer: As before - I'd rather avoid the `cd` commands. I feel that this instruction also requires to jump between the directories a lot but maybe that's because of how it's presented here in the PR diff. I'd try to group this by the component:

1. Smart contracts - install dependencies, make env, run ganache, migrate
2. Server - install dependencies, make env, run
3. Monitor - install dependencies, make env, run
4. Sample request

   make local

Start monitor (optional)
------------------------
::

  cd ../gardener-monitor

>   yarn install

Reviewer: Why do we prefer yarn over npm? I feel that the advantage was lost with new npm versions.

  npm start

Make example oracle request
---------------------------
::

   cd ../gardener-smart-contracts
   npx truffle console --network ganache

> At this moment we are in a console of truffle framework, which is responsible for communicating with blockchain network. Let's make a sample request. More about request specification you will find in :ref:`making-requests` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this moment we are in the Truffle Framework console, which can be used for communicating with blockchain network. Let's make a sample request. You can find more about request specification in :ref:`making-requests` section.
```

---------------
Getting started
---------------

Repositories
------------

> Gardener server contains two main repositories: Gardener-sm which holds smart contracts, and gardener-server, which is responsible for fetching data from third party data sources. You can easily clone them.

Author: Yeah, good catch.

          event: 'DataRequestedFromOracle',
          args: [Object] } ] }

Server logs
--------------

> Go to server container logs to check if response was sent. Moreover you can check request and response in the monitor if you installed and ran it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look up the server container logs to check if response was sent. Moreover, you can check the request and response in the monitor if you've installed and ran it.
```
How about the command to look up the logs?
